Dess trial dev (#1665)
telerik/reporting-docs: knowledge-base/before-2025.md

# Telerik Reporting Licensing before 2025

> Telerik Reporting used to come in separate **Trial** and **Developer** (or commercial) assets distribution until **Q2 2025**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Q2 2025, Telerik Reporting was distributed in two versions: Trial and Developer (commercial), each having its own assets. Starting with Q2 2025, Telerik Reporting comes in a unified installation package regardless of whether you have a developer (commercial) or a trial license.
```

> >caution After launching the [new licensing mechanism in Q1 2025](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/license-key-files-telerik-kendo-ui-products-2025-update), the activation is performed through a [license key]({%slug setting-up-license-key%}) (trial or commercial). Upgrading from a Trial to Developer (or commercial) version requires only updating the license key without the necessity of reinstalling the respective Telerik product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caution Starting with [Telerik Reporting version Q1 2025](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/license-key-files-telerik-kendo-ui-products-2025-update), you must activate the product through a [license key]({%slug setting-up-license-key%}) (trial or commercial). To upgrade from a Trial to a Developer (or commercial) license, purchase a license and then download a new license key, without re-installing the product.
```
